作词 : Tyler Okonma
作曲 : Tyler Okonma
Part I: SWEET
No, no, no, no, no, listen, listen
(Call when you get lost, lost)
The driver gon' drop you off
(Call me when you get lost, lost)
A'ight, it's warm, the waterfall is crazy
I don't know, make somethin' up, tell him somethin'
Uh, come on
Still on the boat?
Call me if you get lost
You and I, we fell in love
I read the signs, ain't nobody was
But God gotta know he might have peaked when he made you
The Cosmos' Only Mistake is what they named you (What that mean?)
I should call you sugar, you so sweet
Well, they should call you sugar, girl, you so sweet to me
Boy, they should call you sugar, sugar, oh, you so sweet
'Cause baby, you're the sweetest, sweetest, sweetest thing I've known
Baby, you're the sweetest thing
Even if you left me out here stranded
My feelings wouldn't change a bit
(You know how I feel about you)
You know how I feel, baby
Infinite, the love I have for you
A diamond couldn't put a dent in it
Go to the bridge thing (Okay)
Darling, you're the wind under my wings (My heart)
Beats triple time when I see ya, something I can't control
If I compared you, the sun is withstanding
You got a smile that could light up a planet, yeah (Oh, oh)
And I just wanted you to know
(They should call)
They should call you sugar, you so sweet
Well, they should call you sugar, girl, (Why?) you so sweet to me
Boy, they should call you sugar, sugar, you're so sweet
'Cause baby you the sweetest, sweetest, sweetest thing I've known (Oh, girl)
(You're the sweetest)
They should call you sugar, you so sweet
Well, they should call you sugar, girl, you so sweet to me
(Sugar, sugar, sugar, sugar)
Boy, they should call you sugar
You so sweet (So sweet, yeah)
'Cause baby you the sweetest, sweetest, sweetest (I know)
And you look so good (Yeah)
And you smell so good (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
And you taste so good (Yeah)
Boy you so, so good (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
You're the sweetest (Yeah, you are)
Sweet like a mother****in' brown sugar, sweet potatoes (Are you ready?)
Oh, yeah
The plan was to stick my toe in and
Check the temperature but
Next thing I know
I'm drownin'
Part II: I THOUGHT YOU WANTED TO DANCE
This year for the sunseekers
One more time
What makes you think
I'm not in love?
How could you know
What's best for us?
Why am I here standing alone?
'Cause I thought, I thought you wanted to dance, yeah
(Welcome to the disco)
You so good to me (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Yeah, it felt good to me (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
You so good to me (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
You so good to me (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
So, what makes you think (What makes you think)
I'm not in love? (I'm not in love?)
And how could you know (How could you know)
What's best for us? Us, us, us (What's best for us?)
Why am I here (Why am I here)
Standing alone? (Standing alone)
Because I thought you wanted to dance with me
Honestly, it's all love all the time, yeah (Yeah, yeah)
I ain't mean to lead you on, because
Hear me I've got some things I am trying
But my energy belongs to you
I want you so bad, but not too fast
It's not your fault we can't pretend because
We both in wrong?
So what makes you think
I'm not in love? (Feels so good)
How could you know, know, know
What's best for us?
Why am I here
Standing alone?
'Cause I thought, I thought you wanted to dance, yeah
(One more time)
'Cause I thought, I thought you wanted to dance
'Cause I thought, I thought you wanted to dance
('Cause I thought you wanted to dance with me)
I thought you wanted to dance
('Cause I thought you wanted to dance with me)
I thought you wanted to dance
I wish that we never met, I wish that we ain't connect
Like Lego, connection good, but mixed signal if you say so, like cardio
We sat up and down, but we didn't blink, felt like dirty dishes
'Cause we was in sync, I swear to God if you and him never linked
I tear that ass up like somethin' was stole
I make them glasses roll back to your skull
Call a tail number, where you wanna go?
The **** do he got that I don't got a lot of?
There go my ego again, that's the problem
The **** you expect? I go get what I want
I want you to say you picked me with your voice
I'm twenty-five, love, but I came by a choice
You promised to me but that's not the point
You got me out here smokin' joints
You got me out here losin' point
I'm cancelin' shoots and I'm catching—
I'm hitchhiking, you pull over, so invitin'
Your seat got my name on it, but who driving?
He hiatus we spend time and we repeat and we rewinding
Your headlights had hit my eyelid
Love is blind and y'all together? Don't remind me, so confusin'
What we doing, how y'all doing? Oh, you choosin' him?
Okay, I gotta cope with losing, ****
I ain't been sleepin' well, torn eye never tell
Stay busy so I don't think, 'cause downtime is when it sink in
I stare at old pictures, I thought you wanted to dance (Dance)
I thought you wanted to dance, I (Dance)
Baby, baby
I wish that we had better timing
I'll save a dance just for you
So don't forget about me, ba-ba-ba-da
I'll save a dance just for you
I wish that we had better timing
I'll save a dance just for you
So don't forget about me, ba-ba-ba-da
I'll save a dance just for you