作词 : Kanye West/A. Davis
作曲 : Kanye West/A. Davis
Stadium status...Unh...
My big brother was B.I.G.'s brother
Used to be Dame and Bigg's brother
Who was Hip Hop brother, who was No I.D. friend
No I.D., my mentor, now let the story begin
It's the Hard Knock Life Tour, sellout; picture
us in the mall, coppin' Iceberg and yell out "Jigga!"
Yeah, that's what we'll yell out, yell out
You know the name do I gotta spell out or tell 'bout
J-A-Y, and 'Ye so shy
Now he won't even step to his idol to say hi
Standing there like a mime and let the chance pass by
Back of my mind, "He could change yo' life
With all these beats I did, at least let him hear it
At least you can brag to ya friends back at the Chig'"
But he got me out me out my momma crib
Then he help me get my momma a crib
Big brother was BIG's brother,
Used to Be Dame and BIG's brother,
Who was hip hop brother, who was No I.D Friend,
No I.D my mentor, Now Let the story begin （begin）.No I.D.
Let the story begin （let the story begin）.
If you feel the way i feel, why don't you wave your hands?
Fresh off the plane, im off the base line.
Nothin' handed out, im bout to take mine.
Round the same time of that Blueprint One,
And these beats in my pocket was that blueprint for im'.
I played my little songs in that old back room,
He'd bop his head and say, 'damn, oh thats you?
But by the black album, i was blackin' out,Party at S.O.B's and we had packed the crowd.
Big brother got a show up in Madison Square,
And i'm like, 'Yeah yeah, we gon' be there!
But, not only did i not get a chance to spit it.
Carlene told me i could buy two tickets.Carlene
I guess big brother was thinkin' a little different,
And kept little brother at bay at a distance.
But everything that i felt was more bogus,
Only made me more focused, only wrote more potent.
Only thing i wanna know, is why i get looked over,
I guess i understand when i get more older.
Big brother saw me at the bottom of the totem,
Now im' on the top and everybody on the Scrotum.
My Big brother was B.I.G's brother,
Used to Be Dame and B.I.G's brother,
Who was hip hop brother, who was No I.D Friend,
No I.D my mentor, now Let the story begin.No I.D.
Let the story begin.
If you feel the way i feel, why won't you wave your hands?
Have you ever walked in the shadow of a giant?
Not only a client, but the presedito.
Hola' Hovito', the game gettin' foul, so here's a free throw.
I was always on the other side of the people,
Then i dropped Jesus Walks, now i'm on a steeple.
And we know, New Jack City gotta keep my brother,
But to be number one, imma' beat my brother.
On that diamonds remix, i swore i'd spaz,
Then my big brother came through and kicked my ass!
Sibling rivalry, only i could see, it was the pride in me, that was drivin' me.
At the grammy's i said, i inspired me.
But my big brother who i always tried to be.
When i kicked the flow, it was like pick and roll',
Coz even if he gave me the ROC, it's give and go.
I guess being styled was more of a slam dunk,
And my shit was more like a finger roll, but i had them singles so,
And them hoe's at the show gonna' mingle yo, ya'll know!
I told Jay i did a song with Coldplay,
Next thing i know, he got a song with Coldplay.
Back of my mind, i'm like 'damn,no way',
Translate Espanyol, No way hose'!
Then i went and told Jay Brown,
Should have known that was gonna come back around
Should have talked to you like a man, should have told you first,
But i told someone else and thats what made shit worse.
My big brother, was BIG's brother,
So here's a few words from ya kid brother.
If you admire somebody, you should go head and tell em',
People never get the flowers, while they can still smell em'.
A idol in my eyes, god of the game, heart of the city, Roc-a-fella Chain,
Never be the same, never be another number one Young Hov' or so my big brother.
My Big brother was B.I.G's brother,
Used to Be Dame and B.I.G's brother,
Who was hip hop brother, who was No I.D Friend,
No I.D my mentor, and thats where the story ends...